feat: improve deployment pattern (#344)
open-feature/open-feature-operator: docs/flag_source_configuration.md

# Flag Source configuration

The injected sidecar is configured using the `FlagSourceConfiguration` CRD, the `openfeature.dev/flagsourceconfiguration` annotation is used to assign `Pods` with their respective `FlagSourceConfiguration` CRs. The annotation value is a comma separated list of values following one of 2 patterns: {NAME} or {NAMESPACE}/{NAME}. If no namespace is provided, it is assumed that the CR is within the same namespace as the deployed pod, for example:
```
    metadata:
        namespace: test-ns
        annotations:
            openfeature.dev/enabled: "true"

>             openfeature.dev/flagsourceconfiguration:"config-A, test-ns-2/config-B"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            openfeature.dev/flagsourceconfiguration:"config-A,test-ns-2/config-B"
```

```

> In this example, 2 CRs are being used to configure the injected container (by default the the operator uses the `flagd:main` image), `config-A` (which is assumed to be in the namespace `test-ns`) and `config-B` from the `test-ns-2` namespace, with `config-B` taking precedence in the configuration merge.

Reviewer: Is the configuration merging priority system defined outside of this example?

Author: Yes, there is a configuration merging section below

> The `FlagSourceConfiguration` version `v1alpha3` CRD defines the a CR with the following example structure:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `FlagSourceConfiguration` version `v1alpha3` CRD defines a CR with the following example structure:
```

```yaml
apiVersion: core.openfeature.dev/v1alpha3
kind: FlagSourceConfiguration
metadata:
    name: flagsourceconfiguration-sample
spec:
    metricsPort: 8080
    Port: 80
    evaluator: json
    image: my-custom-sidecar-image
    tag: main
    syncProviders:
    - source: namespace/name
      provider: kubernetes
    - source: namespace/name2
      provider: filepath
    - source: not-a-real-host.com
      provider: http
    envVars:
    - name: MY_ENV_VAR
      value: my-env-value
```

The relevant `FlagSourceConfigurations` are passed to the operator by setting the `openfeature.dev/flagsourceconfiguration` annotation, and is responsible for providing the full configuration of the injected sidecar.

## FlagSourceConfiguration Fields

> | Field      | Behavior | Type | 

Reviewer: It may be good to include a default column here

| ----------- | ----------- | ----------- | ----------- |
| MetricsPort | Defines the port for flagd to serve metrics on | optional `int32`| `8013` |
| Port   | Defines the port for flagd to listen on | optional `int32` | `8014` |
| SocketPath   | Defines the unix socket path to listen on        | optional `string`       | `""` |
| SyncProviderArgs   | String arguments passed to the sidecar on startup, flagd documentation can be found [here](https://github.com/open-feature/flagd/blob/main/docs/configuration/configuration.md)        | optional `array of strings`, key values separated by `=`, e.g `key=value`       | `""` | 
| Image   | Allows for the sidecar image to be overridden        | optional `string`       | `ghcr.io/open-feature/flagd` | 
| Tag   |  Tag to be appended to the sidecar image | optional `string`       | `main` |

> | Sources   |  An array of objects defining configuration and sources for each sync provider to use within flagd, object documentation can be found below        | optional `array of objects`       |`[]` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Sources   |  An array of objects defining configuration and sources for each sync provider to use within flagd, documentation of the object is directly below this table        | optional `array of objects`       |`[]` |
```

> | EnvVars   |  An array of environment variables to be applied to the sidecar, all names will be prepended with the EnvVarPrefix    | optional `array of environment variables`       | `[]` | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| EnvVars   |  An array of environment variables to be applied to the sidecar, all names become prepended with the EnvVarPrefix    | optional `array of environment variables`       | `[]` | 
```

| EnvVarPrefix   |  String value defining the prefix to be applied to all environment variables applied to the sidecar default FLAGD  | optional `string`       |

## SyncProvider Fields

| Field      | Behavior | Type | 
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------- |
| Source      | Defines the URI of the flag source, this can be either a `host:port` or the `namespace/name` of a `FeatureFlagConfiguration`       | `string`       |
| Provider      | Defines the provider to be used, can be set to `kubernetes`, `filepath` or `http`      | `string`       |
| HttpSyncBearerToken      | Defines the bearer token to be used with a `http` sync. Has no effect if `Provider` is not `http`      | optional `string`      |

> Within the CRD there are 2 main objects, namely the `flagDSpec` and the `featureFlagSpec`, both offering a different set of configuration for the injected `flagd` sidecars.

Reviewer: How does this pertain to the SyncProvider fields?

Author: removed

## Configuration Merging

> When multiple `FlagSourceConfigurations` are passed the configurations are merged, the last `CR` will take precedence over the first, with any configuration from the deprecated `FlagDSpec` field of the `FeatureFlagConfiguration` CRD taking the lowest priority. 

Reviewer: A mermaid diagram of this merge priority system could be helpful (example: https://github.com/open-feature/flagd/blob/main/docs/other_resources/creating_providers.md#configuration)

Author: included a diagram

> When multiple `FlagSourceConfigurations` are passed the configurations are merged, the last `CR` will take precedence over the first, with any configuration from the deprecated `FlagDSpec` field of the `FeatureFlagConfiguration` CRD taking the lowest priority. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When multiple `FlagSourceConfigurations` are provided, the configurations are merged. The last `CR` takes precedence over the first, with any configuration from the deprecated `FlagDSpec` field of the `FeatureFlagConfiguration` CRD taking the lowest priority. 
```

> An example of this behavior can be found below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example of this behavior:
```
